Update page content for design system anatomy (#151)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/design/anatomy.mdx

# Design System Anatomy

The building blocks of the PX Blue design system are broken down into four levels of increasing complexity: elements, components, pages, and workflows. When communicating with other members of the PX Blue community, you should strive to use this terminology to promote effective collaboration and understanding. This is applicable to designers, developers, product managers, etc.

<ImageGrid
    images={[CategoriesImg]}
    gridImageProps={{ xs: 12, sm: 12, md: 12 }}
    caption={'The four levels of the PX Blue design system hierarchy.'}
/>

## Foundations

> The foundations include the most basic visual elements on the page, such as [color](/style/color), [icons](/style/iconography), [typography](/style/typography), etc. These typically have no behavior or interaction on their own, but instead are used to communicate information to a user, theme our brand, or lay the foundations for the PX Blue components, pages, and workflows.

Reviewer: "Theme our brand" is a strange wording, can we rephrase this? Maybe "establish a brand"

Most of the simple components in PX Blue are defined and built by Material Design and the component libraries that implement it. PX Blue focuses on defining and building advanced components that are shared across PX Blue applications.

## Pages

Pages are the largest single unit in the PX Blue design system. These are typically full-screen designs that specify how certain pages can look in an application. Foundation of these pages should stay the same while there may be some room for customizations. Examples of pages include "login (empty fields)" and "create password (invalid)".

## Workflows

Workflows are a sequence of pages combined with rules surrounding how a user goes from one page to another. These usually represent a common path that a user is expected to take to complete various tasks. Workflows that are defined in PX Blue are intended to be nearly identical between applications. Examples of very common workflows include the [login](/patterns/login) experience and user registration/sign up.

<Divider />

# Design Patterns

<ImageGrid images={[PatternStatesImg]} gridImageProps={{ xs: 12, sm: 8, md: 8 }} />

> [Design patterns](/patterns) are very common in PX Blue. A design pattern is a common interaction or behavior that can exist at any level in the design system hierarchy aforementioned. For example, we may have a design pattern for showing actions available on a list item or how to interact with individual settings on a settings page.

Reviewer: Aforementioned sounds a little pretentious...how about "described above"

-   Design Specifications: How it looks
-   Interactions: How it goes from one state to another
-   Code: How it can be implemented

<Divider />

# PX Blue and the Atomic Design System

> If you are familiar with some other design systems, for example [the Atomic Design System](https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/), you may recognize some familiar terminologies here. PX Blue's "components" include Atomic Design's atomics, molecules, and organisms. PX Blue's "pages" are the same as that in the Atomic Design. However, PX Blue has more to offer: by extending our design system to include foundations and workflows, PX Blue is able to define your project's user experience more comprehensively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are familiar with other design systems, such as the [Atomic Design System](https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/), you may recognize some concepts used here. PX Blue's "components" parallel Atomic Design's atoms, molecules, and organisms. The idea of "pages" is the same in both systems, but PX Blue also goes one level further in each direction (i.e., Foundations and Workflows) to define a project's user experience more comprehensively.
```
